Update Puppet Providers service (#1212)
wechaty/wechaty.js.org: docusaurus/docs/puppet-providers/service.md

Wechaty Puppet Service is a Wechaty Puppet for providing/consuming gRPC Puppet API. To use a Wechaty Puppet Service, you need a TOKEN for that service, and pass it to Wechaty, then you will be able to use that Puppet Service.

For example, you can cloudify the Wechaty Puppet Provider wechaty-puppet-padlocal to a Wechaty Puppet Service by running our Wechaty Puppet Service Token Gateway.

> Wechaty Puppet Service Token Gateway is a gateway for converting the Wechaty Puppet Provider to a Wechaty Puppet Service. Read more about tokens and usage [here](https://wechaty.js.org/2021/01/14/wechaty-puppet-service/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wechaty Puppet Service Token Gateway is a gateway for converting the Wechaty Puppet Provider to a Wechaty Puppet Service. Read more about tokens and usage in [Introducing Wechaty Puppet Service (Providers)](https://wechaty.js.org/2021/01/14/wechaty-puppet-service/).
```

> Learn about all puppet services provided by the Wechaty Community [here](puppet-services/overview.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about all puppet services provided by the Wechaty Community in [puppet service overview](puppet-services/overview.mdx).
```
